can't believe this I literally win for
two seconds to get a glass of wine and
Leo jump out of the roof well in the
upcoming Sony Pictures movie passengers
Jennifer Lawrence and Chris Pratt
mysteriously wake up 90 years too soon
on a mysterious journey ninety years in
a spaceship with Chris Pratt uh where
can I sign up Ned and Ariel did this a
few days ago and they almost ended up in
a divorce
I'm just kidding they were totally fine
they actually ended up more in love at
the end you guys I don't have a
significant other I've decided to spend
the next 90 hours secluded alone with my
cat well yeah 90 hours without any human
contact internet TV or phone
we got GoPro set up around the house to
track our every movement no masturbating
for me next 90 hours we got this lockbox
give it to my crew we'll have back in 90
hours right leo
he's a cat he for sure doesn't giving
this is gonna be a breeze isn't it yes
it is normally I eat breakfast alone so
it wasn't nice change of pace to eat
with Leo what are you doing your spare
time when I'm not here probably just
neat I spent a lot of time at work so I
was really curious to see how Leo spends
his time without me I know he'd be
excited to hang Leo we should paint our
nails oh look at those beautiful red
nails Leo you're beautiful yeah I did my
cat's nails and it was exactly the type
of quality time we needed it was like a
self-care day I was able to catch up on
some chores and you can't have a
self-care day without taking a cat now
you have a nap montage
I can't nap anymore how do you do this
all day things started to feel a little
tense after around 10 hours when Leo
stabbed me in the face with his claw has
been drawn without any sources of
entertainment around Leo and I had
plenty of time to have intelligent
philosophical conversations I haven't
brushed my teeth in a long time it
stinks huh nice on your breath captor a
soul sometimes good too
starting to feel a little restless so
we're gonna take care of our bodies and
make sure we're not firmly melting into
that couch okay let's go let's go
wait so much faster than me what uh
turns out Leo doesn't love to exercise
and I feel like he's starting to resent
me a little bit I think that's when I
started to go a little cat crazy leo you
want to treat not even he wants anymore
these good I'm doing it
that's not bad at all it's the middle of
the night and I can't sleep
I think we needed some fresh air
we're gonna go up to the roof are you
excited what's veal Lee and I were
getting some fresh air on the roof
everything was going totally fine until
my fergan cat is hit on the roof I could
not believe it you is on the roof
save Leo from the room oh god this is so
scary
this is no scariest thing I've ever done
well I'm coming get back oh here it was
like I was on my own mission to save my
cat Paul hey come here
Oh got you Oh past 90 hours was exactly
what I needed
oh my god I've never been so excited to
see a human in four days well yeah I
haven't showered in four days I mean the
first 24 hours all I can think about was
like how many emails I am I missing
I haven't tweeted anything oh my gosh no
one's able to contact me but then like
we just kind of had a couple days of
self-care and I think it was really good
for both of us this experience made me
realize I need to make a promise to Leo
to be just a little bit of a better cat
mom he's more important than anything
and I would like to be stuck with him
over anyone any day now can I please
have my cell phone back oh sweet Jesus
Leo he couldn't care less he's glad for
me no one called my mom called
you